# Notes for Thursday, 10/06/22

## 20:49

```
Astrology, Reiki, Tuning Forks? 

Swedish Massage 90 min $149.00
Long smooth strokes, circular movements to relax muscles

Deep Tissue 90 min $149.00
Strong massage style that will relax and sooth your tension

Sports Massage 90 min $149.00
Targeted movements to improve muscle recovery

Prental Massage 90 min $149.00
A healthy way to promote wellness during pregnancy

Chair Massage 90 min $149.00
Seated upper body massage, perfect for offices and events

Theragun Percussive Therapy $149.00
The deep muscle treatment pros trust for pain relief

----------
60m $119.00 / Member $109 / Member Plus $99  
75m $141.50 / Member $131.50 / Member Plus $121.50
90m $164.00 / Member $154 ($109 a month) / Member Plus $144 ($99/month)

Swedish
Perfect for relaxtation, with pressure designed to your comfort to reduce tension.
*Stress Relief, Medium Pressure

Deep Tissue
Effective work to reduce tightness, tension, and increase range of motion.
*Therapeutic, Deep Pressure

Prenatal
Ideal for easing stress on joints and improving sleep quality before or after birth.
*Comfort, Custom Pressure

Sports
Prep for activity by warming up and cooling muscles, using deep tissue and stretching.
*Performance, Deep Pressure

Sleep
Developed to induce calm and deep sleep, focusing on hands, feet and scalp.
*Restoratvive, Light Pressure

--------

Swedish Massage
Calm your body and mind with a combination of techniques that suits your personal needs to combat muscle tension. This is typically a full body treatment, undressed to your level of comfort, with professional draping. The use of long strokes, kneading, superficial strokes and addressing specific pain areas are typical in Swedish massage. I combine myofascial release and shiatsu techniques as needed.  Light, medium, and deep pressures can be used, based on your specific needs and desires.

Deep Tissue
Deeper tissue and pressure can be used to break up adhesions and reduce acute and chronic pain patterns.  During a Deep Tissue session, a blend of myofascial release, ART, stretch therapy, trigger point therapy, sports massage, structural alignment, and pain management therapy will be used based on your individual needs and goals.

$100 for 60 minutes
$150 for 90 minutes
$200 for 2 hours

Dynamic Cupping
Stubborn tension trapped in your muscles? Add dynamic cupping to your massage!
Feel the instant relief as the cups glide over your skin, using “negative pressure” to loosen fascial adhesions, 
unstick layers of connective tissue creating restrictions in your comfort or movement, 
increase blood flow and flush excess fluids through the lymphatic system. 
Feel yourself melt into the table while the cups effortlessly draw the stress out of your muscles.

$25/15 minutes 
$50/30 minutes
(added onto a minimum of 60 minute session)

Gua Sha is a traditional chinese therapy used to increase blood circulation, 
reduce inflammation and provide relief from muscle and joint pain. 
Using a smooth-edged tool, i’ll be scraping your skin to flush toxins and excess fluid from the muscle tissue with this surprisingly soothing technique. 
Gua Sha can be especially helpful for those that suffer from arthritis, fibromyalgia or chronic migraines and tension headaches.
$25/15 minutes 
$50/30 minutes
(added onto a minimum of 60 minute session)

----

Table Massage
Mind, Body and soul healing experience with energetic healing.
Promoting relaxation, stress and pain relief.
Customized Massage Pricing:

60 Minutes - $105.00
75 Minutes - $125.00
90 Minutes - $145.00
105 Minutes - $165.00
120 Minutes - $195.00

Modalities available: 
  Swedish
  Trigger Point Therapy
  Myofascial Release 
  Clinical Massage 
  Deep Massage - The Lauterstein Method
  Mindbody Acupressure
  Reiki - Energy Healing and Chair Massage
